Hi, Mystery Recapped here. Today,
I'm going to explain an American
psychological thriller film called "RUN."
Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care!
The film begins with a team of doctors....trying
to save the life of a premature newborn baby.
A few moments later, the baby's mother, Dianne
Shermann, is called to see the condition of
her baby who has passed the critical phase,
and she asks...if the baby would be okay.
The scene shifts to a child named Chloe,
who has 5 major diseases including asthma,
diabetes, and paralysis. At
home, Chloe has a routine
of taking many medicines and checking
blood to control her blood sugar levels.
Chloe is shown to be a very intelligent young
teenager, she has a desire to study at one of
the top universities in the city, and applies
to her college application with such passion.
She is always excited when a letter comes, and
hopes that it is a university acceptance letter.
But unfortunately, she never gets
any letter from the university.
Chloe also loves to do experiments
and assemble sophisticated tools
that she taught herself at home.
One day, when Chloe is studying,
Chloe hears the sound of a car. She thinks it is
a mail delivery car, but immediately looks out
the window, and it turns out to be her mother
who has just come home after buying things.
When her mother is on the phone, Chloe immediately
peeks into her mother's grocery box and takes some
chocolates in the box. However, Chloe accidentally
sees that there is one pack of green medicine with
Diane Sherman's name on it. And naturally, Chloe
is curious about what disease her mother has.
At night, Chloe's mother gives some medicine
for Chloe to take before going to bed. Chloe
is surprised because there is a green medicine she
saw before. She queries this to her mother and she
claims that it is Chloe's medicine and the name on
the medicine package is only the recipient's name.
Chloe who is still astonished continues to
take the medicine and go straight to sleep.
The next day, curiosity gets the better of
Chloe, she decides to take one pack of the
medicine in the medicine cabinet and looks at the
name of the medicine - "Trigoxin" is printed on
the package and she is confused, because this
time she sees her name wrapped in the medicine.
She peels off a little sticker with her name,.
and sees Diane Sherman's name written on the back.
At nightfall, before Chloe goes to sleep, she
is given some of the same medicine as the night
before. But this time, Chloe does not swallow
the green pill and takes it back to be examined.
After her mother is asleep, Chloe
immediately goes downstairs to finds
information about trigoxin through her computer.
Unfortunately, the browser can't be accessed,
because there is an internet problem. While using
the computer, Chloe doesn't realize that someone
is watching her in the corner of the room.
The next day, Chloe immediately calls random
people, and asks that person to use the
internet and check the trigoxin listed on
the medicine package. It turns out that trigoxin
is indeed a medicine for the heart, but strangely,
trigoxin is a red pill... not green! Chloe
begins to suspect her mother is up to something…
Chloe is still very curious, so she asks her
mother to go to the cinema....as an excuse to
find information there. While at the cinema,
Chloe tells Diane that she wants to go
to the toilet. Chloe leaves the cinema,
and goes straight to the nearest pharmacy. When
she arrives at the place, it turns out to be
a very long queue. Chloe immediately asks the
person in the queue to let her cut the queue.
She questions the pharmacist about the green
medicine given by her mother; she asks what's
the use of "trigoxin". The pharmacist sees the
drug and is confused; the drug is not trigoxin,
it is Ridocaine! The drug is usually used for
dogs. Chloe is shocked to hear this revelation,
her world is thrown upside down – she then asks
what will happen if humans take the drug. The
pharmacist says, if people take this drug...
then the person will experience paralysis.
Suddenly, Diane comes in panic, and
immediately injects an anesthetic
into Chloe's leg – causing this revelation to
come to an abrupt end. Her mother takes her home.
Later at the house, Diane starts to panic; so
she locks Chloe in her room. And she goes out
to buy a new paralytic prescription that
she has been looking for on the internet.
Chloe wakes up and realizes that her mother
locks her in the room. Chloe is a smart teenager,
so she has a few tricks to unlock the door.
Unfortunately, her mother had anticipated
this and put the broom handle to bar the door.
But Chloe doesn't give up so easily. Chloe uses
her scientific and technical skills, and takes
a solder, blanket and holds water in her mouth.
She then comes out of the window, and crawls on
the roof of her house to go to the next room.
As the suspense builds, she uses the heat from the
solder, and then the water to break the glass in
the next room's window, the blanket is used as a
placemat so that Chloe's body is not exposed to
broken glass. After getting out of the window, she
feels her asthma flare-up, and unfortunately, she
forgets to bring her inhaler. Chloe is then trying
to crawl with a shaky breath to reach her room.
Arriving in her room, she immediately uses
her inhaler to relieve her asthma on time.
Chloe immediately gets into her wheelchair
and rushes to run away from her house.
However, the elevator that Chloe used to go
down the stairs has been damaged by her mother.
She then desperately throws the wheelchair
and crawls down the stairs until suddenly...
she slips and rolls down. When she falls, Chloe
feels a miracle, she can feel and moves her
toe because she has not taken the medicine
her mother had given her for a long time.
She becomes increasingly convinced
that her mother is a psychopath.
Chloe immediately gets into her wheelchair and
out of her house through the road used to go to
the city. Suddenly, Chloe hears the sound of a car
coming, Chloe is afraid it is her mother's car and
immediately hides. It turns out that the vehicle
is the postman who used to deliver letters to
Chloe's house. Chloe then immediately rushes out
of hiding..to block the postman's van until she is
almost hit. The postman gets out of his van and
asks what is wrong with Chloe. Chloe just says,
"help me". When the postman is helping Chloe,
her mother's car suddenly passes and she sees
the two of them. Diane immediately approaches
the postman to asks what happens to Chloe. The
postman stops Diane who wants to take her child
home. The postman says that Chloe doesn't want
to go home and wants to go to the police station.
Diane persists in bringing her daughter back home,
even threatening to report the kidnapping
to the police. Because there is no signal,
Diane's efforts are in vain. She unwillingly
lets the postman take Chloe away....but on
the condition that she comes too. When Chloe is
being taken into the postman’s van, Diane stabs
an anesthetic into the postman's neck until he
faints. Chloe is also sedated until she faints.
When she wakes up, Chloe is already in the
basement of her house, and locked up in it.
She sees a black liquid made by her mother, which
is probably a paralyzing drug for her. Chloe is
unable to get away; the wheelchair can't move,
because her mother had chained it. She then looks
for a way to get out of there. Until she sees
that there is a pile of paper. It turns out to
be a notification regarding Chloe's admission to
the university she had previously registered for.
Chloe, who knows that her mother had hidden the
paper from her, looks frustrated and annoyed.
The revelation continues. Chloe finds several
photos showing that she used to be healthy
and not paralyzed. And even more surprising, she
sees a paper....containing a note of the death of
a baby named Chloe, who died 2 hours after being
born....along with a newspaper containing news of
a baby kidnapping at the same place; same time as
Chloe's death date. At that time, Chloe realizes
that she is not Diane's biological child, and she
is the child who was stolen from her biological
parents. It is revealed that Dianne's baby shown
at the beginning of the film was not saved.
And because of that, Dianne became so frustrated
that she kidnaped someone else's baby in
the hospital to replace her dead baby.
When Chloe is stressed and confused, Diane
arrives. She tells her that she is not really
her mother, and that she has also made Chloe
sick and paralyzed all this time with medications.
Diane says she did this because she loves Chloe.
She tells Chloe to forget all this and go back
to how it used to be, throwing away Chloe's
medications.. Chloe, who is still afraid, refuses
her mother's words until her patience runs out.
Diane then takes the black liquid mixture
using a syringe to inject it into Chloe.
Chloe is getting more and more frightened; she
immediately runs behind a cupboard and locks it.
Chloe finds a poison, and when her mother manages
to open the door, Chloe immediately drinks the
poison until she overdoses. Diane weeps very
loudly seeing her daughter dying from the poison.
Here, it can be concluded that Diane loves Chloe
so much...that she wants to control every moves
that Chloe makes since birth. But the question I
ask you, is this really love? Or a selfish love?
Now, Chloe who is poisoned, is immediately
taken to the hospital for medical treatment.
But fortunately, Chloe is successfully cured by
the doctors there. But she still finds it very
difficult to move and talk. Chloe sees her mother
staring at her through the glass in Chloe's room.
Chloe, who sees this, immediately asks
for help from the nurse in her room..
by pressing the help button. Chloe
can't speak yet, so she can only signal through
her eyes. The nurse gives Chloe a note and crayon
so she can write something down. When Chloe
is forming a word, a sudden emergency alarm
is sounded. It turns out... the emergency alarm
is a sabotage carried out by Diane to attract
the attention of the nurse. Not long after,
Diane enters Chloe's room and immediately
pulls out all Chloe's medical equipments,
and takes her out. After the
nurse returns to Chloe's room,
she is confused by Chloe's disappearance. The
nurse sees the note written by Chloe that reads,
"MOM". The nurse immediately reports
this to security to find Chloe.
Chloe is brought forcefully by her
mother; she can't ask for help.
When she is almost out of the
hospital, on the escalator,
Chloe's mother can't move Chloe's wheelchair.
It turns out that Chloe uses her legs to hold
the wheelchair in place. Yes! Here, Chloe's
legs can be moved a little. Before long, the
security guards come to stop them from leaving.
Seeing this, Diane immediately points a
gun at the security officer saying that
she just wants to go home with her child. One
of the security guards manages to shoot Diane
and she falls down the stairs. Chloe is rescued
and Diane is safely secured by the authorities.
The scene then moves seven years later In a
mental hospital. Chloe who is now an adult,
is shown to be able to move her legs –
though it is still a struggle for her.
There, Chloe is visiting someone
who turns out to be Diane Sherman.
Chloe says that her life now with her real family
is very pleasant, she has many friends, and she
has even graduated from her favorite university.
Before Chloe says goodbye, she seems to take
something out of her mouth, which turns out
to be the dog medicine that Diane had given her.
Chloe then says, "I love you Mom...Now open wide!
That concludes the ending of the movie
Run. Subscribe for more videos like this,
turn on notifications, and leave a like to
help the channel out. Thank you for watching.